If youre poor frivolous shouldnt be in your vocabulary Is it fair No I.
youre right the poor should live in holes in the ground and eat nothing but.
We should be giving money to and further enriching the people who already hav.
dae cellphones are luxury.
The bankers on Wallstreet are robbing us blind Theyre destroying the middl.
Anyone richer than me is a crook  Anyone poorer than me is a bum  Why won.
its just the white petty bourgeoisie you cannot trust them they will alwa.
Its really gross that they consider making sure that children in impoverishe.
I like how eugenics people consider intelligence and money and good looks to .
Compassion isnt compatible with our current economic system Do you believe .
if i cant exploit for profit kill it with fire.
Eugenics Ask the people who support it about poor people and youll see pret.
class consciousness what you have after asking a person who supports eugenic.
Its a sick Marxist joke actually .
first as tragedy then as farce SNIFF.
I love people who genuinely think it would be cheaper to somehow stop the poo.
I dont think thats quite the argument  I think its more like So you hav.
well poor people could always sell their children as food.
Have you tried kill the poorhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvowI7DOeOyg.
Doesnt sound too bad to me  Id say thats actually a fairly modest proposal.
lmao that stuff about finland our unemployment rate is through the roof and .
Read am article about education in Finland yesterday that seemed pretty dece.
Its pretty disturbing how often I see x people shouldnt be allowed to have.
I think a lot of redditor teens have in their mind the attitude just wait ti.
Lol Redditors always talking about Finland like its their withe power wet dr.
But Finland just feels like it has a better economy because of the homogene.
This is your brain on capitalism.
Ew I kind of cant stand to see the word brain so close in a sentence to t.
Privilege Not Even Once.
Continuing the human species and your blood line is a luxury like a sports ca.
2XC is sort of an amorphous blob of terrible that becomes whatever awful sub .
Is rchildfree an awful sub.
WellhttpswwwredditcomrSubredditDramacomments29rio6rchildfree.
Thanks for the reply Ill check it out when Im off mobile.
Tbf the defaults are really hard to keep up with the fresh waves of poop as t.
Found the adult 7 Found the selfish libertarian infant 420 2x rad.
Thats kind of redundant You could have just said libertarian.
TIL from the 3rd quote that poor people arent tax payers.
Hitler gave Eugenics a bad rap jesus fucking christ reddit WHY DO YOU KEEP.
Im not a member of the KKK I just hate black people and support violence a.
Hitler gave Eugenics a bad rap
pretty sure its more that Eugenics gave Hi.
Yes Children are expensive But not only thatbabies are little computers.
are redditors literal comic book villains the fuck is this.
How to raise a redditior.
Gallagher was the comedian who smashed watermelons Steven Wright made funny .
I was in the first submarine Instead of a periscope they had a kaleidoscope.
Yesterday I had a CAT scan to find out if I have claustrophobia.
small homogeneous society Strange  Out of one side of their mouths they .
black people.
Damn guess I gotta tell my family to leave since they in the way of a perfect.
Have a nice day Thatll be difficult after reading that heaping helping o.
White men should live in a cage white men should live in a cage White men sho.
Hey man we cant be giving out free cages Handouts are bad.
Because thats what society is a lot of people agreeing to function as a uni.
Eat the white petty bourgeoisie tbh.
Yeah if a poor woman gets pregnant she should just pay for an abortion righ.
The birthrate of most Western countries is near or at replacement level anywa.
what does reddit think about mincome.
tbh this is a fraught issue  on the one hand youve got ayn rand and on the .
How I picture people who credulously say shit like thishttpiimgurcom.
straight white men are the most oppressed group in the world Are these peop.
Excuse you but I want to live thank you very much.
sorry this is fempire all straight white men will be fed to dragons when we.
That would be paradise If only.
We could make this happen you know.
WhiteGenocide2k16.
lol v for vendetta was about fighting for lgbt rights.
I thought it was more about fighting a fascist government.
In the comic its implied the main character V is gay or bi and the emotio.
Or maybe…       
Maybe it says a lot of people think unvarnished antiSemitis.
in an article about how he got a 10 minute fucking standing ovation the com.
Reddit.
bbbut south park made fun of him .
This calls for the use of Yiddish Hayda di redditplanet vu shmoks vaksn o.
As a German speaker Yiddish justs seems like a dialect of German.
I think that might be partly because Im using my German knowledge to fill in.
Beat the shit out of a woman fuck a kid youre all good as long as you go.
The Sons of Abraham also includes Arabs Another group Reddit hates.
Reddit is really supportive of all three of those things.
antisemitism and racism are no big deal to redditors but why dont they care.
Or maybe its because few people want to associate with an overt bigot I mea.
What the fuck how is this upvoted 50 times send some fucking help.
The whole thread is a dumpster fire on fire  Insane antisemitism sexism no.
Oh no wont someone think of the poor antisemites.
Ok even if it were the case that he was ostracized how is that bad Ther.
Clicking that link was a real Poes law situation.
Wow Literally hitler Just another day on reddit eh.
literal actual nazis.
It says a lot about the Jewish influence in media that such a talented man.
thats just like your opinion man.
You know how terrified reddit would be if a black man shouted out Im gonna .
I remember when Reddit circle jerked itself into froth when an antiTrump pro.
The terror would be expected The awkward sexual awakening of the many prete.
Imagine how terrified reddit would be if a black woman shouted Im going to.
terrified reluctantly aroused.
I feel like it was probably more the part where he called her the n word whil.
i love how someone is calling srs out for not having selfawareness while no.
Oh my god its like an inception level lack of selfawareness DReddit in .
calling attention to someones race when it has literally no relation to the .
sjs Have we been upgraded to Social Justice Sorcerers I think Meteor would.
Im a social justice brewmaster monk .
Acknowledging the color of her skin is not racism
In several contexts .
What is context.
Whats context when you have sheer Logic™ Clearly you didnt understand the.
Le logic is so objective Also I wanna slap this white boy in his white face.
my brain is running Rad Reddit Logic 212 when i was running Actual Reality.
Yeah thats a known issue Basically Race Realism 10 is conflicting with the.
when two programmers collide.
Then maybe dont get upset when we talk about white tears.
guy clearly blurts out the N word within the first few seconds of the vid O.
WELP Glad we cleared that up.
Where was the racism He said hes gonna smack her black ass Shes black.
The people whining about others on the internet selfdiagnosing themselves wi.
If I had a dollar everytime some made a attack helicoptertriggerd joak.
Youd cause an appreciable increase in the money supply thus slightly stimul.
If I had a dime for every time a redditor made up an excuse to whine about so.
I actually have all three Theres 7 billion people on this planet many .
They only care about mental illness when its white boys shooting up a school.
Lmao Autistic with depression anxiety and CPTSD here Been in tumblr for ye.
Autistic depression anxiety and gender dysphoria here have the first three.
NTs What is that if I may ask Ive seen it a few times and I certainly .
Neurotypical basically someone who isnt neurodivergent or mentally ill con.
Ahhh I never wouldve guessed thatthanks.
autistic with depression tumblrina since summer 2011 same here.
If I had 2 for every time some arsewipe on reddit made an ignorant comment a.
weak 110 Obvious troll Would not read again .
if voat is so great why dont you go marry it.
I thought most of voat were into that sort of thing.
I mean its not hard to imagine why someone with autism depression or anx.
but being the most opressed is like being the most popular kid in school .
Hi Internets i have depression cerebral palsy and anxiety now give me a tri.
Youd still be rich without le spooky tumblr website because mental illness i.
Orrrrr maybe tumblr has different demographics and there are actually a hig.
I dub this redditurd Upgrayedd for a doubledose of ableism
Also If I had .
If I had a dime for every time whites complained about things they didnt und.
If I had a dime for every time white boys on reddit complained about being op.
If I had a dime every time a redditor said they were a depressed lazy genius .
If I had a dime for every time someone on Tumblr claimed to have autism d.
Only on Reddit  where theyll cry about being bullied back in the day for li.
This is called having too much time on your hand and no one around to slap t.
Find something you disagree with Find something that you dont understand .
I thought that was anarchocapitalism.
What is being a Redditor Alex.
I DONT KNOW LEO.
The white adhering fanatically to his barbaric religions of conservatism.
Hes using hyperbole no ones going to hit their kid for shitpostik to on tu.
This was one of the things that bothered me when I was a TIA user
Then I .
Im an unsympathetic sack of shit was even more so in my TiA days I litera.
assault doesnt have a just joaks defense.
Literally what the fuck is with the otherkinfickin hate I have a bunch of f.
This is called having too much time on your hand and no one around to slap.
This thread is a goldmine of shit People defending racists rapists anti.
I was just gonna post that last quote BUT ITS OKAY GUYS HE WAS JUST DRUNKAN.
It was because he was honestly harassedbulliedabused by some Jewish p.
Yep if I was going through a divorce and trying to get custody I would defi.
He only molested a little Asian girl Pedophiles are really disgusti.
Yeah whats the big deal .
They are defending a pedophile Because the kid was Asian they dont even see.
Put an s next time then.
re M Gibson He really isnt all that racist Yes he was drunk but when.
At least this thread has a modicum of selfawareness and people realizing tha.
i dont understand how those people can say they hate children so much yet s.
checks thread
they refer to anyone with a child as a breederhttp.
yeah feels like a cult or something Weird people.
Eh not wanting to have kids isnt the bad part
Using it as a cover for rac.
Why would anyone want to be part of a childfree community I mean why would.
The pressure to have children is pretty strong in a lot of places Like any o.
I want to see rchildfree  and rIncels fight.
me too.
I was going to say childfree folks dont deserve the incels but this is Reddit.
parent arent children great rando actually children are fucking awfu.
And then theyll start complaining about paternal rights.
Then when they actually have the responsibilities they were fighting for t.
Wow they really think theyre something special because they managed to f.
Disgusting.
Cheating among international students from Asia is now an epidemic at univer.
This like a million times.
The reason Asian applicants must have higher SAT scores and GPAs is due to .
Definitely a shitty comment but it was at  1 when it was linked
Ah yes the genders women and normal.
love seeing my bros bro in an electronic sports match.
Fun fact one of the best arguably the best competitive Overwatch players i.
not a coincidencehttps67mediatumblrcomfd16cfc544b9763ad3b047a9ce6a1.
Unfortunately I think shes a Zarya main.
Even better tbh.
Gold httpswwwredditcomrAdviceAnimalscomments51cw7useemstomethat.
I love how they think sports or esports are worth all the fuss people make ab.
Theyre the ones making a fuss about it They dont realise how stupid it is.
Youd think these stemmies would know about the law of large numbers .
Remember the time Nigel Short said something like this Hes been beaten by A.
why do men think women actually enjoy playing games and sports with them l.
In esports the problem is there are too few women playing the games but a wh.
esports Fucking lol.
I honestly cant believe its an actual real thing I cant imagine how empty.
Not really any more silly than normal sports tbh.
Agreed but at least real sports have world class athletes Esports are just .
Pro gamers could also be described as world class Both pro gamers and athlet.
Oh Jesus Christ youre one of them Now it makes sense Gamers are dead E.
theres nothing inherently wrong with the idea of having a big tournament for.
Its not like traditional sports culture is any better anyways Washington R.
So sportsball fans are also shit and that means What in regards to esports.
it means chill.
eh I used to watch a lot of it and it was pretty much the same as any other .
The whole thread is complete garbage I would do an effort post but Im too l.
They wouldnt have the womens league if the women did well in the normal .
Apparently cargo shorts are going out of style and this makes me VERY DISTRES.
Something something lack of shape Wear whatever you want .
Wonder if we could create a guide for men to respect womens femininity whils.
Every morning deli shift Ive had theres been a nucleargrade thunderstorm .
Im off to my second to last semester at SJW university today Im going to l.
Wait they do SJW 101 that late .
Im still at the beginning of the book but in by spooks does Steiner just me.
does Steiner just mean concepts that kind of haunt peoples minds Yes .
Why not just call it a social construct then .
Partially because he was from the early 1800s so the terminology was more ne.
I paid like a whopping 130 for Fallout 4 thinking it was going to be gods gif.
So are we actually on the side of the women from the Hugh Mungus video Perso.
I personally think that woman was extraordinarily toxic and abusive Claiming.
I think she was being obnoxious and annoying Hes obviously making a dumb jo.
so close to actually realising reactionaries have come full circle .
Whoooo boy Whooooooo boy Wow Anyone else hear a faint whistle.
So theres a bunch of 10 year old man babies obsessed with me D I got linke.
That was quick I want to get linked to AMRsucks too Id wear it as a badge .
Nobody sends me hatemail anymore I feel like Im not doing enough for BRD.
I occasionally get it thats good enough for me.
Looks like I need to work harder.
WHAT THE FUCK.
How can people be this way What fucked you up this badly.
Kill all redditors .
How is that WTF at all What is the matter with reddit that they have to bul.
That whole thread is shit Just stay away from it.
edgypost.
Redditors the week old shit that can operate a keyboard .
on a redditor posting a shitty joke woodchipper food that talks back 1.
At least they think of us as sexual now smith.
That entire thread was goddamn depressing   .
I browse here all the time but Jesus that was a horrible thing to say A man .
Empathy cant be sold or fucked so whites have no use for it.
Whites have a worse reproductive strategy than ducks or dolphins.
The white adhering fanatically to his barbaric religions of conservatism.
On a disabled person performing karate The fleshlight that fights back .
No witty response here Just No words.
SEXISM IS NOT A PROBLEM BECAUSE INTERNALISED MISOGYNY EXISTS reddit.
Women are absolutely free to do whatever they want now right and yet th.
This whole thread was a lot of people saying the magazines prove that men hav.
Funny how reddit is apparently a diverse site with tons of differing opinions.
But patriarchy dont real.
Cant really win here there will be another ethnics in magazine journalism c.
On the mens side I see a stealth bomber and a police badgeand the girls .
As a woman I see nothing wrong here 9999.
DAE EQUAL RIGHTS MEAN EQUAL LEFTS s.
Basically the gender equivalent of What do you expect from black people Hav.
Yeah Ill just put on my heels and go take down the capitalist system that sp.
Never mind the men who run the magazines.
RE sexist womensgirls magazines So  just so were clear here  women .
Its lovely to hear men tell us how horribly we women treat each other I had.
Ha ha oh man the unique and never before done East Asians pronounce their L.
does reddit know that japanese is not korean .
The white adhering fanatically to his barbaric religions of conservatism.
Wooooooooooooow Reddit.
I can feel the empathy fail from here.
But Asians get treated equally and accepted fully because unlike Blacks and .
Excerpts from comment about being kidnapped to teach English in North Korea.
I love how on Reddit if you even mention the word racism even once prepare .
that entire story is bullshit to begin with stories coming out about dprk ge.
HEALTHY.
Ive seen firsthand how joaks like this one help validate a culture of actu.
What a fucking trainwreck that thread is Peddit Dot Com everyone.
Valuable discussion.
To Catch a Predditor.
Suprising that the lenny face wasnt actually in the main thread linked it i.
Whites have a worse reproductive strategy than ducks or dolphins.
Jesus Fucking Christ.
Re A 7yearold on Tinder Well its on the clock so 183 But .
Can we please send these people to Siberia.
FUNNY JOAKS ABOUT ABUSING CHILDREN DAE GENDER NEUTRAL PARENTING IS THE REAL.
Yea actually it would be really racist ffs They just want to defend a white .
I keep telling people the ideology of political correctness is like a relig.
wish i lived in a world where it wasnt wildly popular to blame all problems .
The reason  black people existing Yeah bud that is extremely racist.
Silly South Africa dont they know that all their problems would be solved i.
Especially infuriating view because it takes like two seconds to look up that.
Are they talking about how the IMF got the transitional government to commit .
Yeah Sure The reason is Black people are savages Not that being kept une.
The sad thing that that those calling for a return to Apartheid will never ha.
South Africa seems to be slowly sliding out of control But even thinkin.
Maybe you shouldnt had enslaved them in their own home you white people .
Polly wants an ineffective defense mechanism for lack of real selfesteem.
This is not even thinlyveiled Reddit is progressive my ass.
These are the same people who turn around and claim racism is over.
Isnt that a false origin anyway .
what the fuck what the fuck what the actual fuck as a white guy im so so.
“I actually like that term Cracker originates from old slave masters crack.
But they fucking cry when you call them yppl white boy or Becky.
I can guarantee that this person has never been on Tumblr.
hack cough choke TUMBLR Tumblr is behind this.
HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL.
Itll be nice when theyre a bit more standardized As it is I see them in k.
Shit Xourself 40 Frickin Tumblr pronouns 43 At 2016090.
so I was casually browsing on my citys subreddit when I come across an artic.
So a neonazi on the Philadelphia PD has been outedhttpwwwhuffingtonpo.
removed.
removed.
The Santa Clara PDs response to Colin Kaepernicks protest is fucking atrocio.
Im scared shitless because someone over the internet is obsessed with me and.
This is the problem with feminism Like obviously anyone rational wants m.
Friends I fear that the brigades have come to our lands once more Their ste.
domestic abuse is so funny amirite guise lol XDDDD they really have th.
Well I just beat all the girls I meet on Tinder anyway so that doesnt rea.
Fuck TwoX Delete it.
Lets delete all of reddit while were at it.
Lets delete white males from existence.
Literally every reply with Im not sure that women going on maternal leave e.
B b but Carl of Swindon said so.
I see no discrimination in the data when I control for discrimination Cont.
That is literally always the way Two equally competent people one man and .
Not to mention that even controlling for all factors down to job title a gap.
Even if you are an antiintellectual ass who hates nuance and refuses to ackn.
who explained how the minimum wage caused unemployment How please Nutsh.
Basically the idea is that people buy and sell their labor at the freemarket.
Good ol twox.
I wondered if this thread would make it here  it sure deserved it I wouldv.
Fun fact if you take away all the factors that constitute the wage gap it a.
True story it disappears entirely if you factor in the wage gap.
Its great isnt it I solve unemployment people just chose to not work I a.
Just World Hypothesis in a nutshell.
PS another dude pinch hits for OP but its a swing and a miss as he pastes tw.
How long did it take you to build that little strawissue you spent your entir.
Or we can focus on more than one issue because were not units in an RTS game.
lol bennerinod.
This dude is like This problem doesnt effect me so why should you all care.
Why do losers always use YouTube videos to back their point At least find an.
The answers in the question Joon.
And hes not even being original That particular video is the same exact .
Thank God a man showed up in the nick of time to explain to me how unimportan.
Same way I know youre probably male probably live in NY and probably are .
LOL literally one of those 4 things is true.
Congratulations  What do you want a cookie.
Ill tell you what I do know for sure I know that you fat shamehtt.
More Comments 0.
Lol noice  Id give gold if I werent so poor  .
More Comments 0.
Ah yes In our disgusting postmodern epoch one is entitled to be able to sp.
But didnt you watch their YouTube video.
What are you mocking YouTube videos Next youll tell me my degree in Skimmi.
You know the funniest thing about that YouTube link is that I did watch it.
Oh fuck off We should just ignore it because its going away Its going awa.
MY FEELS MY FEELS BACK IT UP.
Whats your flair mean I took a semester of Latin in high school but I wasn.
Its half a sentence from a Latin story loosely and when he awoke he .
Hey there Newt I didnt know you were on Reddit.
Did we did we watch the same video.
What people miss about the gender wage gap “It doesnt exist” 47 “Do y.
No but you see we know the reasons why it exists and that proves that it d.
At this point Reddit should you say that women weight on average 25 less the.
Fucking original .
Can men ever come up with anything original.
You want something original Let me tell you what my penis thinks of that.
Men think with their dicks not with their brains Oh wait they have no brains.
some dont even have dicks.
I write exams with my dick I just tape a pen on it and start wiggling all ov.
Hi Im a redditor I just mockingly repeat things I dont understand and g.
Sounds like someone needs a Safe Space™.
Honestly thought the 1525 was a joke How many times can they upvote this .
its prob not surprising but i hear it 100x every day by guys at my high school.
Did you just assume my gender is pretty popular among the dudes at my unive.
Its at those times that I really just want to give up on a logical response .
To infinity and beyond.
Yep it check.
Its reddit after all An echo chamber for male creatures.
Man the madbros are so so very mad about this account.
I like sadbros better Its more fitting for them.
Its like shitty HomestarRunner.
Who cares about manbros.
manbros thats who.
Haha Ive received so many messages from them .
You should have a little sub dedicated to your mailbag screenies.
I post the best ones out there.
The blockpersonal shadowban feature is great When I get a PM I hit block th.
I like bathing in male tears Theyre so salty Thats why I dont block them.
Like clockwork I am being beginning to doubt the sentience of redditors at t.
THE FIRE RISES.
For you.
couldve been worse couldve said sexually identify.
I sexually identify as redditor I make transphobic jokes to fill my selfest.
I think if somebody sexually identified as a redditor that means theyre jus.
Theres that old bugbear identify as again Fuck that phrase and anyone u.
Buh buh buh the joke is about otherkin .
It was just a le funny original joak.
every fucking time.
comedy funny here in the reddit dot COM jokes funny made by the joke boys her.
HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL.
dae le trans people ar dum since im not one xD 145010459 goldx6.
cooldagbenned.
Thats sexist I identify as an Attack Helicopter.
Did you just assume his ability to say or think anything that isnt hopelessl.
someone actually spent money to gild this oldasdirt joek.
they change the minority group depending on who pissed them off that day .
Reddit loves projecting apparently.
Any more and they could be sold at Office Depot.
They keep upvoting this shit every month it seems Just proves how unfunny th.
Males dont have any original content .
Fucking a lol .
This joke is much funnier when you change feminists to white men.
The light bulb was actually invented over the course of many decades with con.
White men dont like facts.
At first I was scared by his eyes then I realised he wears glasses And as .
How does the male creature screw in a lightbulb By holding the bulb up in a .
So were apparently waiting for the world to revolve around us while at the s.
ironicat.
what a boring stale joke Probably older than feminism itself.
How do white people change a lightbulb One holds the lightbulb while the r.
Yes heaven forbid feminists demand women be treated equally Clearly were a.
REMOVED BY A TROOF HATIN FEMINIST Now go screw in my lightbulbs you useless .
Oh okay so some people dont agree with our movement because of some bullshi.
Physicists would tell you that youre using the wrong reference frame
How .
HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL.
2edgy5me.
Thats the point  rjokes is a bunch of insensitive assholes unless you ma.
Openly conflating black people and gorillas like a cartoon racist Keep it cl.
tbf the RAs were the ones who did so first Not sure whether their concerns w.
What a shitty meme  I mean there are plenty of shit memes but this has to .
Ive never seen it used in any way except a racist one secondly in conjuncti.
Yeah when I first heard about the meme Harambe I didnt care to google it a.
The initial motivations for the meme were noble Much of it was parodying the.
Yep basically as soon as it got associated with Adam Goodes.
I wasnt even aware of that but after a bit of googling the racist underton.
I didnt have a problem with the meme before it started being used a million .
I dont really have problems with the Harambe meme At least the way I see it.
same.
The RAs comparing a Gorilla to AA Students is more derogatory than the dr.
Probably because they only understand 23rds of the words in the above paragr.
We get it your racist JEEZ.
On UMASS RAs asking to stop Hamarabe memes Also Harambee Park is nearby so.
Cool Thanks For Telling Us Here Is Cookie 🍪.
Looks like cheese on my screen .
Ive seen people forget to put s marks but Ive never seen them accidentall.
White men make lots of mistakes.
OP misspelled white.
Wait a minute arent they claiming men are more violent than women
There are 16 billion practicing Muslims in the world right now  If even 1.
From your history
LOL Obo.
Nice post history yourself.
Theres a lot of these racists who try to covertly influence places like SRS .
Yep and hes taken to stalking my comments haha.
Look it bears repeating because I have gotten harassed multiple times in .
All people have the capacity for varying levels of peace or violence.
Men are not violent They are peaceful people s.
Muslim men are not violent They are peaceful people s 20 At.
Take a look at the OPs post history I have him tagged from rworldnews as .
OUT OUT OUT AND TAKE THEIR COATS.
Looks like its gonna be a big day for us and our selfbrigading ways.
Brace yourselves Nerds are coming .
Everyone can get harassed That doesnt change the fact that harassment is ba.
Anyone can get murdered This makes murder hunkydory.
Even the higher comments in the thread which considering this is rgaming I.
Obviously these harassments are made up by females to get attention and money.
Only white men get legitimately harassed.
If it was a legitimate harassment his body will know and has ways to shut t.
Anybody can get harassed but women and users with feminine names get harasse.
HE SAID THE MAGIC WORD ATTACK HELICOPTER NOW THATS COMEDY.
Not that making fun of gender identity is really funny but reddittors seem.
Never has such an innocuous group of people been the fodder for so many hatef.
Innocuous For the cis man jumped up on toxic masculinity we are more lik.
TEAM PYRO.
I think they wanna fit in with all their sexist transphobic friends online at.
When it comes to harrassment and stuff I hate how everyones like well its .
You seem to forget that there are terrible people in this world that are terr.
That comment was relevant how.
Since everyone gets harassed nobody should complain  AKA  I like harassing.
Dont forget the sprinkling of transphobia.
Of course not thats like the maggots atop the shit cake.
No one has pointed out something I feel is important harassment happens freq.
This really pisses me off I work with a couple antibullying organizations .
Sigh identify asattack helicopter Again Jesus green jumping C.
im pretty sure the joke started out as being against otherkin but reddit b.
I gotta be honest I dont really understand the whole otherkin thingie .
yeah like for most people it seems to just be saying that they do identify st.
Redditors the expendable gender demographic.
Yeah anyone can and will be harassed in online games with toxic communities s.
In response to a female gamer getting harassed online Reality checkeve.
Everyone can get harassed online therefore this woman is a lying professiona.
It happens therefore it is okay welcome to the internet feeeeemale.
PearlhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvFahLe51W3NE has the right idea.
Artist receives some polite criticism and decides to make a few alterations .
They actually think Tumblr is a secret cabal controlling media.
RIP Tracers butt.
Masculinity so fragile.
damn thought the SU fandom would be better than this.
Well it is nicer than much of reddit Shit like this still happens though.
Not on reddit never on reddit.
transmisogyny isnt real guys u heard it here first.
transmisandry in this case no.
Misandry isnt a real thing and neither is transmisandry Its just plain tr.
Trans men are oppressed for being trans Its very real and very oppressive .
it was only a few years ago that I was ignorant and whined about cis not bein.
I was so disappointed in that thread.
We cant help but brigade ourselves.
what does the cis part mean.
Cis is the opposite of trans as in a cisgender person is a person who is no.
Reddit is constantly willing to complain about the MSM and yet
There is bias in newsExpect clearly not here FFS for a site with th.
Sorry we only care about ethics in gaming journalism Journalism on social .
According to white males cops that gun down unarmed BLM protestors dont exi.
Its incredible how strikingly similar whites are in 2016 compared to 1960.
Sometimes I think its more like 1560.
Not enough Saracen and Muhammadans for that.
The point is that the same people who spoke out against the civil rights move.
Yeah One of the most shocking things I read when I was reading a memoir fro.
They never change.
Literally learned nothing from history .
Whitey Whitey never changes Fallout or something .
But according to blm supporters those people dont exist despite being on .
Racial Bias in the media doesnt exist Every time I see a robbery .
Whats with Reddit making every single black person and active organiser in BLM.
Well father and adoptive daughter sort of Still creepy af though.
Thats still pedophilia.
I agree.
Even if they were both adults and the same age say brother and adopted siste.
MY CISPEEN DECLARES THIS GROSS THING IS ACTUALLY GOOD THEREFORE IT IS ACTUAL.
Chop off all cispeens.
Hack em whack smack em chop em.
And then feed them to the dogs.
Save some for the cattes too.
Therell be plenty Theres no need to worry.
Eggscellent news comrade .
Hacks whacks choppin that meat.
creepy fuckers.
On being told that two videogame characters are basically father and daug.
If you look under it youll see all the pedos downvoting me too .
ops subreddit history by comment count where 10
remember guys twox is a positive space for women.
Can specific users be considered lowhanging fruit And also TwoX.
lol i wish.
Well you now know what to do when you see a shooting star .
Yeah I never hear feminists compliment any masculine features ever  .
Thats because theres no positive masculine features to compliment.
Expect as slave labour in the fempire salt mines.
Only the ones with six packs pass for slave labour in our salt mines
I thought it was mandatory for all males to have there dicks cut off for science.
We leave the ones with big dicks Theyre to be used to pleasure women in mu.
Just take a damned cast then cut them off best of both worlds.
Just as nature intended.
Boys Theyre only good for fruit and by that I mean bananas.
When in reality they cant mention any positive trait unique to masculinity.
Clicked on the post just to post this.
I think uMailTears needs to start using the giant rainbow text.
Totally Do it.
whoa whoa whao hey comeon now dudes can open mayonnaise jars pretty well.
Or they cant even be bothered to design a decent mayonnaise jar without fuc.
Mayo opening mayo jars .
No I couldnt mention any traits unique to masculinity or feminity because .
This needs more upvotes  I got one  You can have it.
I just want people to be honest in these discussions Feminists always say.
maybe its because fascists keep using pepe as their mascot.
This is irrelevant I am enamored with your flair.
Look up Fash the Nation its an openly facist altright podcast and their m.
communicating 
Thats cute .
Its somehow a lower form of communication than doing morse code with armpit .
I dont think pepe is a white nationalist symbol Trumpets are polwannabes.
I have seen it used in some left wing shitposting it felt like an attempt to.
Its surprising how often white nationalists appropriate and gut wordssymbol.
dont care.
The swastika itself was an appropriated symbol.
Yeah I was thinking that while I typed that Still I dont think altright a.
But its ruined already.
Trumpets are pol rthedonald is a pol beachhead Theyve used the pep.
Ive seen their usage of the meme TheDonald isnt pol though Its a knoc.
Like that makes pol any better.
I didnt say it did.
Reddit is pol with less self awareness.
How can you have negative self awareness.
by being a redditor duh.
The 1st comment in the title is an abnormally profane kneejerk reaction
Pepe as in Pepe the smug frog.
Imageboards white nationalists  as if there.
Move to make the hate train a nickname for the Trump campaign.
So Reddit is claiming Hilllary cant run due to health issues ignoring that .
He did not have polio while in office He had polio as a child and ended up i.
if you associate anything with trump people will jump on the hate train fa.
They ruined a perfectly good meme.
Pepe is as dead as their traditional conservative beliefs.
I remember hearing about someone in my circle of friends that said Pepe trigg.
You have got to be fucking kidding me I thought you were Bullshitting Pe.
Is it pronounced peppy or peep I never know how to say it in my head.
Peepee because trump supporters are racist dickheads.
spanish word so.
Yeah but without context or the name being capitalised I wasnt sure Also I.
The guy filming absolutely knew that water would make it worse Im guessing.
lol the blonde woman is the camera guys girlfriend OOPS.
How could I have been so blind  Of course it was all about his penis  .
That or he is an expert at projection
Am I the only friendzoned human.
Honestly Ive been on reddit a while  particularly the askwomenadvice sect.
Im pretty sure tons of people have been friendzoned but dont make it int.
 Do these people think that real life is like romantic comedies where the gu.
Oh the horror of being actual friends with a woman But to be honest you can .
There are men who honestly just never consider that women are anything but f.
What Im always curious is about why they hate women so much Is it all bit.
Heres a copy of what I wrote above I think it helps shed a little light .
My theory These sad men buy into the world view of mens Alpha vs Beta dich.
If I can speak from the perspective of being a woman but having been previous.
That makes sense Ive seen that too For the same behavior a man can be call.
othering that is they hate so much because femininity is what they strive .
How can it be combated Can women like me even do it Would someone with prec.
The only way to combat something like this is to make people aware it exists.
Id like offer you solace by saying this people rarely change their opinions.
This video might be helpfulhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvnfPAoz9GnWM.
What a great video.
How can it be combated Can women like me even do it Would someone with pre.
I agree For most of them it cant be combated Its really hard to overthrow.
One thing I notice a lot with videos of women doing anything that isnt porn .
That whole thread was awful Did the women do something stupid and poorly .
They even had their tits most of the way out What They were wearing extr.
When you never been around a women or even a girl before becaue you are only .
BTW off topic but you know whats great for spicy stuff Frozen drinks Like.
I would never in a million years attempt to eat one of those peppers but if .
Also build up some actual capsaicin resistance before attempting to eat one .
Video posted to reddit of women doing anything What a bunch of stupid slur.
I realize its tempting to turn their own shittiness back on them but maybe .
Ahh r2XChromosones a place for boys to tell women how to feel about women.
Reddit always has such deep and abiding concern for rapists  Almost as thoug.
Sorry Ive read too much reddit bullshit your post is too subtle why would th.
Unless theyre Muslim .
Or black or female.
Many times So hang on lets think about this  Were taking about the n.
Guys are like rabbits One two three hrair.
Yeah we can all see from case study Jameis Winston his life is ruined but a.
This comment reads exactly like a John Oliver focus piece .
Ill take that as a compliment  .
Just think it is so unthinkable that a cis white male could be raped that re.
“The problem is that many times rape cases are guilty until proven innoce.
Why do these people not campaign for the justice reform they so crave .
If only that were the actual way rape cases were tried in kangaroo courts BRD.
Being white on Reddit Thats true.
This site aint right I tell you hwat.
The entire thread is a shitshow httpswwwredditcomrnewscomments52706.
Armchair MDs at it again.
You would think theyd have some nice psuedoscience article to back themselve.
THE DOCTORS ARE WRONG LISTEN TO MY OPINIONS.
I would know I am normal other than having a crippling fear of people who a.
The internet is so transphobic its sickening.
In response to an article about treatment being given to transgender adoles.
Imagine saying this to someone irl.
I dont think that the sort of person who writes this stuff does much talking.
There are 0 SRS comments on that account.
Literally no relevance whatsoever but Reddit will never miss the chance to s.
gettin briggy with it.
transfruit well at least we know his real intention now is to shit on tran.
I put in as many reactionary buzzwords into a statement as I could please la.
rSubredditSimulator makes more coherent comments.
Why are there so many people record themselves talking in their ass with tis.
redditors dont know what words mean.
Dude Funny.
This is legitimately one of the most incoherent sentences I have ever seen.
As a proOrange transfruit shitlord Apples are my trigger People need to.
Yet dolphins still have a better reproductive strategy.
Honestly  Im kinda weirdly proud of this guy for managing to figure out tha.
Wheres the STEMboi pointing out that this is a logical fallacy.
Great then well have to deal with zoophile Redditors too.
We are just a few years away from being able to have a consensual sex with.
Hahaha its funny because its a meme but its also pedophilia
Oh wait.
Can you not be a fucking creep for like two seconds.
See its funny because you know abusing and assaulting children What a laugh.
Dicks out for children.
In reply to LordXp on Phone are m.
With all the fucking transphobia recently  I was shocked to see this joak in .
Absolutely disgusting I had a friend who said there should be a KKK for asia.
On a nuclear attack in South Korea That would change up the eSports scene.
No you wouldnt.
But shouldnt we pick the most qualified candidates and not those who just fi.
Cover your nose and cup your balls that stench of greasy chicken rancid fi.
To be fair Ive never shaved my legs.
neon legbeard
Whatwhat does that even mean I am in awe at the ability of redditors to .
I think theyre jealous of our leg hairs.
mine are silky smooth am i doing something wrong.
Its like a broken chatbot.
Dont you know that there were blacks who sold blacks into slavery 
Uh mindless thugs is very much a dogwhistle  And you may not be aware b.
Im sorry if it came across as bad I was trying to use the language that i.
Rainbow text helps to show that youre throwing things back in bigots faces.
What gets me is the people who complain about blacks holding on to slavery an.
I figured it was unintentional thus the lack of a ban Keep on keepin on yo.
Someone over there essentially left that comment sans irony.
Of course they did reddit dot com.
even pearson textbooks reddits least favorite company isnt afraid to dire.
Also even though we said that last part were still gonna hate Jews anyway .
The blacks have it so good the whites have it so bad bloooohooohooo.
stop kinkshaming us but seriously in what alternate reality do they liv.
in what alternate reality do they live.
Few things make my skin crawl like white supremacists using the white race.
whites does it for me Its like by using the same dehumanizing word for b.
The fuck is going on with this chart Kerry Nader Dole Thurmond.
I mustve tapped into that alternateuniverseinternet someone else reference.
Do you have that alternate history one still I want to see all the changes a.
I hate this website.
Seriously.
TIL that no whites own mirrors or have senses of taste.
ooh is this a fresh new copypasta.
I often feel like the only white person with a mirror After talking with oth.
As sad as the situation that prompted it was your comment made me cackle.
The best part about my comment is that Im not even jerking I am actually ju.
Sign me up Also youve inspired my new flair so thank you.
Anything for a fellow race traitor I still like my flair tho it has the .
Oh yeah I nearly cut myself just responding to you.
I feel you what I mostly encounter is that most white people dont understand.
Some people just like to blow admins and eat ass Dont judge me.
On BLM it isnt needed no other race in america has had their asshole li.
I have licked no black arse holes Just sayin.
slavery a hundred and fifty years ago followed by a complete fuckup of recons.
The truth hurts.
Imagine feeling so entitled that a service that doesnt cater specifically to.
And I would not be surprised if this fellow thinks businesses should be allow.
Men lecture women continuously about preventing their own rapes all the rul.
Uh no blacks do not do that  I have literally NEVER in my entire life .
Also the same people lecturing black people on how to talk to the police cor.
blacks.
Bless their little hearts they try so hard to garner sympathy .
I mean Men are by far more likely to commit sexual violence Or violent crim.
Lets kill all men.
Kill all men.
Can we just ban them Maybe deport them to a barren uninhabited island .
Sure but lets not have a repeat of the Australia situation The poor Aborig.
Well Australia wasnt entirely barren or uninhabited.
Antarctica.
But what about the penguins.
I thought Brojack Horseman a show Reddit claims to adore made fun of peop.
Wait is BJH problematic for some reason I rather enjoyed it.
This exact issue came up in a season 3 subplot One of the characters sets up.
No It made fun of people who said what OP said Its good.
I wanna be an architect.
Yeah there was an entire season long story line about a uberlike company for.
jesus christ.
Is TwoX a joke Can it be classified as lowhanging fruit already Also I ju.
removed.
Misandry isnt real.
Ive reported some posts on 2X with slurs and hateful speech about women and .
Yep they think thats a real problem And then theres also the fact tha.
Misandry can be a problem.
I swear this is the most levelheaded sub on this website .
It exists to poke fun at people who arent level headed Course were the best.
Our official stance on this is that misandry is an unhelpful term as it im.
Yeah I know and their explanationhttpswwwredditcomrTwoXChromosomes.
If you are a man with a secret love of chick flicks and shoes youre welcom.
TwoX got fucking decimated when it became a default subreddit So sad.
it wasnt that great before either tbh.
Im a dude and I read it because it offers a different perspective I like re.
Jesus Christ is there a middle ground anywhere where you can be against stupi.
I personally feel like the point of TwoX was a place on Reddit for women to p.
 I like reading the troubles women have to deal with
Someone posted evidence being an anonymous twitter comment One anonymous tw.
Dont forget the atheists You can discriminate against them too.
 as you can see by the obvious stemfact that a majorparty presidential cand.
“Men are the last group it is socially  legally acceptable to discriminate.
Im a man and I feel like the fact that one time a person didnt listen to a.
How many times have men told women to stop spouting anecdotal evidence and .
Mansplaining the concept of mansplaining Its a regular Redditception.
They are acting like it is a conspiracy theory instead of something that has .
Reddit where an argument is where you call the other sides evidence anecdo.
This is something that comes up all the fucking time on this website the ide.
Is this dudebro dismissing someones experiences based on their gender Ironi.
Darwin came up with the theory of evolution on anecdotal evidence 
The anecdotal evidence of finch variants adapted to different niches of preda.
Women on the other hand have been told mostly by other women that they a.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE MENZ.
As a straight white male who has never read a single book by a feminist aut.
Isnt the takeaway more like angrily dismissing a black person with go pick.
black people are invincible Must be watching too much Jessica Jones.
Well yeah if you say negative things about a black person because they are .
Black people all over the country get gunned down by cops at the slightest e.
Black people are invincible and if you say anything negative youre racist.
35th joke in every thread is definitely free speech in full form good job re.
Redditor Slavery ended long ago I never owned slaves Why cant black peopl.
Whats the 35 compromise.
Briefly a compromise between northern and southern states which determined .
Oh ok thanks.
No problem Its a messed up part of history which makes these loweffort j.
Do you enjoy how badly they even apply it  Like 3 out of 5 people is not how.
Seems like all one needs to do for one of these jokes is usethreefifths .
35 of black men do apparently 55.
Do you get it Lolololo Its a reference to African Americans being seen as l.
guise slavery is so funny amirite xdDDDDD.
HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL.
That doesnt actually make it better.
women must suffer for my cispeen.
Apparently wellendowed women owe men their breast sizes.
 womz only exist for my entertainment — every redditor.
In response to a girl saying that she had to get breast reduction surgery i.
Its not racist if its a compliment.
Sometimes I wish I could be white and waste my time playing video games smok.
Sometimes i wish I could be Asian and distract myself with some math or ge.
trump is popular especially with older white men because older white men ar.
I take reservation to that statement Younger white men are pretty fucking ra.
And a trump presidency is pretty sure to fuck over old white men too especia.
Oh JFC a comment further down While this is true we also need to recog.
minorityonly spaces are exactly the same as majorityonly spaces amirite.
also logically speaking.
Logically speaking my preconceived notions always turn out to be right.
Silly me  And here I thought it was all the racism and misogyny and homophobia.
WONT SOMEBODY THINK OF THE WHITES.
 True but other than that weve got it pretty good Id rather be assumed t.
In ten minutes it will be 2349082394734895734 and a permaban.
Because everyone knows old white men are always on the right side of history.
Whites are damned.
May as well use language the savag.
but Im Christian too
notallchristians.
White people are basically damned if they do and damned if they dont I k.
Thank you for that insightful comment rconspiracy.
Lmao what the fuck is this.
race war.
oh look its another THE JEWS pol shitpost Matt Stone is Jewishhtt.
Yes Gerald Brovloski the fictional character from South Park who a gambling.
LMAO  using The Washington Times as a credible source.
Besides Kasich Trump was the only mainstream I know Kasich had no hope but.
Learn some context Learn not to barge in where youre not welcome.
This is the only place that I can get away from that word being thrown around.
Like fucking hell it doesnt idk why but this made me laugh really hard.
Kyled Dad a jew is a direct reference to George Soros Jewish Billionar.
Haha its funny because it normalises pedophilia and makes the pedos feel we.
Anyone know her name.
Remind me to never kidnap this.
Ive had so many young girls get away.
